the tour of medical negligence can be
defined as the performance by a doctor
or other medical professional that is
inconsistent with accepted medical
standard of care
you
hi barb how you doing man I'm good
what are you doing what I'm just texting
my friends oh well there's a wreck in
the box what is that about yeah I know
if I went to get her and she was in the
bathroom so she wait till I'm though now
or why don't we do this case now all
right let me just finish my text and
I'll and I'll be right with you all
right let's go hi I'm barb I'm here to
take you through your x-ray first our
patient yeah did you check the wristband
she's the only one here
but you're always supposed to check the
wristband get two forms of
identification hi I'm Janice I'm going
to Sisseton your x-ray can I see your
game pad and try it for me please
and your date of birth okay this is our
patient
our I'll get a sheet from the table okay
all right I just want you to go ahead
and get up on the table for me all right
go ahead and just sit right up on this
table Oh
oh my goodness the wheelchair is not
locked
hold on please bar the wheelchair wasn't
they're always supposed to left a little
trim before a patient gets up oh I'm
sorry
let me get you a pillow so you're a
little bit more comfortable
frenzy our questionnaire form yeah is
there any possibility that you could be
pregnant no okay
would you mind just sitting up real
quick before we get started and just
sign the form
Oh oh my goodness are you okay yeah
part and we never suppose leave the tube
over patients barb don't you think you
should have had her change first
those letters my image why does that
even matter I'm here for my foot barb
didn't you check the wreck she's her for
right foot it must have been my last
patient that I'm thinking of that was a
c-spine barb you're always supposed to
check the wreck first ask the patient
what exam they're gonna dump all right
don't move
barb you forgot to shield the patient
we're always supposed to shield a
patient before you make an exposure is
getting late okay Ruth don't move I'm
gonna take the picture
barb you still have this set up as a
c-spine you should have this set up for
her foot you're going to completely over
expose her and we'll have to take
another picture sorry
okay root don't move I'm just gonna
check the film oh my goodness barb
use your left marker it's supposed to be
the right foot
- there was a record box what is that
about
he pretended texting thing and now I'm
looking cool
when x-ray are we doing
just have your sign I'm just gonna have
you sign of pregnancy it's so funny
barb don't you think we should have her
change first those letters my image oh
no I good you know um
PJ's in the background
you